fix: Update docs about canary deployment (#24)
cloudfoundry-incubator/quarks-docs: content/en/docs/quarks-operator/concepts/from_bosh_to_kube.md

update:
  # The number of pods to deploy in the new version of an QuarksStatefulSet
  # Once canaries are running, deployment can continue.
  canaries: 2
  # Time to wait for canary pods to be ready in a new version of an QuarksStatefulSet
  canary_watch_time: 100
  # The maximum number of non-canary instances to update in parallel for an QuarksStatefulSet.
  # TODO: Support for this needs to be implemented in the controller.
  max_in_flight: 2

>   # This key is must in the manifest for the canary deployment to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # This key must be set in the manifest for the canary deployment to work.
```

Reviewer 2: Done.
